Solutions to The Beginner's Guide to the picoGym

Section 1:
    1. Obedient Cat:
			lag is in plain sight in downloaded file
    2. Super SSH
			ssh used in Webshell terminal
			ssh ctf-player@titan.picoctf.net -p 62566
			Link to SSH doc: https://linux.die.net/man/1/ssh
    3. what's a net cat?
			Net Cat used in Webshell terminal
			nc jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org 64287
			Link to NC doc:  https://linux.die.net/man/1/nc
Section 2 (Cyber Chef):
    1. Mod 26:
			Simple Ceasars cipher, rotating letters by 13 (mod 26) solves it. 
			Decrypter: rot13
    2. Warmed Up:
			Converting 0x3D to decimal, either by hand or using rapidtables.com
			0x3D = 0b 0011 1101 = 61
    3. 2Warm:
			Again simple conversion.
			42 = 0b101010
    4. Bases
			A bit trickier conversion, in Base-64, encoder at rapidtables.com
Section 3:
    1. Wave a flag:
			I think this task is bugged. It states that you should
			download provided file. Change its mode with chmod +x file
			and execute it via ./file. It provides the flag, but its 
			wrong. You should download the warm file in webshell using 
			command provided in Hint, change its mode, and the execute
			with ./warm -h.        
    2. Tab, Tab, Attack:
			Download it, unzip and then either LMB click it through or use 
			ls, cd and tabcomplete in terminal to navigate. Open last file.
    3. Insp3ct0r:
			Enter provided link, flag is divided into 3 parts. You need to inspect the page using F12 or through RBM. 
			1st one is in Inspector in HTML file. 2nd one Style editor in mycss.css file. Last is in debugger in myjs.js.
    4. strings it:
			Download provided file. use strings on it to display all strings the file contains. (strings strings). 
			It contains a lot, you can search for specific sequence using | grep. 
			We search for flag starting with picoCTF so -> strings strings | grep picoCTF
    5. First Grep:
			The same as in strings it.
    6. Where are the robots:
			Enter provided webpage, and at the end of the link add /robots.txt. 
			It will give you a disallowed source that you should enter the same way as /robots.txt
Section 4:
    1. Python Wrangling:
			Download python script, key in .txt file and encrypted flag in another .txt file. 
			You can run the scrypt with -h to get information on using it. Use the provided key to decrypt the flag.
   	2. PW Crack 2:
			The same as before, but now password is in ASCII format, you can either check it in ASCII table, 
			or copy that password and print it in bash using python3 -c "<KEY>"
    3. PW Crack 3:
			The password now is hashed. List of possible password is in python code. You can manually every of them, or modify python file
			and create a for loop checking each password every iteration
	4. PW Crack 4:
			The same as previous one, but now you have 100 possible passwords, manually checking would be tedious.
	5. PW Crack 5: 
			The same as previous one, but now passwords need to be read from separate .txt file
Section 5:
	1. Enhance!:
			Flag is hidden in photos metadata. Can open it using strings.
	2. Big Zip:
			Catalogue containing subcatalogues and many files. You can quickly search through them
			in search for specific file name with grep -r "picoCTF"
	3. keygenme.py:
			Program expects you to input correct password. The flag contains two
			static keys (in plain sight inside the code) and dynamic key. That dynamic key itself is few indexes
			of encrypted username so what I did was printf that encrypted symbols, copied it an input as a password.
	3. buffer overflow 0:
			You need the buffer to overflow. You can achieve it buy inputting more chars then the program expects. 
			To get your flag you need to connect via nc nc saturn.picoctf.net xxxxx.